for more details please visit : https://codeforces.com/contest/1166/problems


__

![](//codeforces.org/s/36454/images/codeforces-logo-with-telegram.png)

![In English](//codeforces.org/s/36454/images/flags/24/gb.png) ![По-
русски](//codeforces.org/s/36454/images/flags/24/ru.png)

  

Codeforces Round #561 (Div. 2)

The problem statement has recently been changed. View the changes.

×

A. Silent Classroom

time limit per test

1 second

memory limit per test

256 megabytes

input

standard input

output

standard output

There are nn students in the first grade of Nlogonia high school. The
principal wishes to split the students into two classrooms (each student must
be in exactly one of the classrooms). Two distinct students whose name starts
with the same letter will be chatty if they are put in the same classroom
(because they must have a lot in common). Let xx be the number of such pairs
of students in a split. Pairs (a,b)(a,b) and (b,a)(b,a) are the same and
counted only once.

For example, if there are 66 students: "olivia", "jacob", "tanya", "jack",
"oliver" and "jessica", then:

  * splitting into two classrooms ("jack", "jacob", "jessica", "tanya") and ("olivia", "oliver") will give x=4x=4 (33 chatting pairs in the first classroom, 11 chatting pair in the second classroom), 
  * splitting into two classrooms ("jack", "tanya", "olivia") and ("jessica", "oliver", "jacob") will give x=1x=1 (00 chatting pairs in the first classroom, 11 chatting pair in the second classroom). 

You are given the list of the nn names. What is the minimum xx we can obtain
by splitting the students into classrooms?

Note that it is valid to place all of the students in one of the classrooms,
leaving the other one empty.

Input

The first line contains a single integer nn (1≤n≤1001≤n≤100) — the number of
students.

After this nn lines follow.

The ii-th line contains the name of the ii-th student.

It is guaranteed each name is a string of lowercase English letters of length
at most 2020. Note that multiple students may share the same name.

Output

The output must consist of a single integer xx — the minimum possible number
of chatty pairs.

Examples

Input

Copy

    
    
    4
    jorge
    jose
    oscar
    jerry
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    1
    

Input

Copy

    
    
    7
    kambei
    gorobei
    shichiroji
    kyuzo
    heihachi
    katsushiro
    kikuchiyo
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    2
    

Input

Copy

    
    
    5
    mike
    mike
    mike
    mike
    mike
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    4
    

Note

In the first sample the minimum number of pairs is 11. This can be achieved,
for example, by putting everyone except jose in one classroom, and jose in the
other, so jorge and jerry form the only chatty pair.

In the second sample the minimum number of pairs is 22. This can be achieved,
for example, by putting kambei, gorobei, shichiroji and kyuzo in one room and
putting heihachi, katsushiro and kikuchiyo in the other room. In this case the
two pairs are kambei and kyuzo, and katsushiro and kikuchiyo.

In the third sample the minimum number of pairs is 44. This can be achieved by
placing three of the students named mike in one classroom and the other two
students in another classroom. Thus there will be three chatty pairs in one
classroom and one chatty pair in the other classroom.

The problem statement has recently been changed. View the changes.

×

B. All the Vowels Please

time limit per test

1 second

memory limit per test

256 megabytes

input

standard input

output

standard output

Tom loves vowels, and he likes long words with many vowels. His favorite words
are vowelly words. We say a word of length kk is vowelly if there are positive
integers nn and mm such that n⋅m=kn⋅m=k and when the word is written by using
nn rows and mm columns (the first row is filled first, then the second and so
on, with each row filled from left to right), every vowel of the English
alphabet appears at least once in every row and every column.

You are given an integer kk and you must either print a vowelly word of length
kk or print −1−1 if no such word exists.

In this problem the vowels of the English alphabet are 'a', 'e', 'i', 'o'
,'u'.

Input

Input consists of a single line containing the integer kk (1≤k≤1041≤k≤104) —
the required length.

Output

The output must consist of a single line, consisting of a vowelly word of
length kk consisting of lowercase English letters if it exists or −1−1 if it
does not.

If there are multiple possible words, you may output any of them.

Examples

Input

Copy

    
    
    7
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    -1
    

Input

Copy

    
    
    36
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    agoeuioaeiruuimaeoieauoweouoiaouimae

Note

In the second example, the word "agoeuioaeiruuimaeoieauoweouoiaouimae" can be
arranged into the following 6×66×6 grid:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/3f3856f98005a9ba1f84d231be214f8dbb574936.png)

It is easy to verify that every row and every column contain all the vowels.

The problem statement has recently been changed. View the changes.

×

C. A Tale of Two Lands

time limit per test

1 second

memory limit per test

256 megabytes

input

standard input

output

standard output

The legend of the foundation of Vectorland talks of two integers xx and yy.
Centuries ago, the array king placed two markers at points |x||x| and |y||y|
on the number line and conquered all the land in between (including the
endpoints), which he declared to be Arrayland. Many years later, the vector
king placed markers at points |x−y||x−y| and |x+y||x+y| and conquered all the
land in between (including the endpoints), which he declared to be Vectorland.
He did so in such a way that the land of Arrayland was completely inside
(including the endpoints) the land of Vectorland.

Here |z||z| denotes the absolute value of zz.

Now, Jose is stuck on a question of his history exam: "What are the values of
xx and yy?" Jose doesn't know the answer, but he believes he has narrowed the
possible answers down to nn integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an. Now, he wants to
know the number of unordered pairs formed by two different elements from these
nn integers such that the legend could be true if xx and yy were equal to
these two values. Note that it is possible that Jose is wrong, and that no
pairs could possibly make the legend true.

Input

The first line contains a single integer nn (2≤n≤2⋅1052≤n≤2⋅105)  — the number
of choices.

The second line contains nn pairwise distinct integers a1,a2,…,ana1,a2,…,an
(−109≤ai≤109−109≤ai≤109) — the choices Jose is considering.

Output

Print a single integer number — the number of unordered pairs {x,y}{x,y}
formed by different numbers from Jose's choices that could make the legend
true.

Examples

Input

Copy

    
    
    3
    2 5 -3
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    2
    

Input

Copy

    
    
    2
    3 6
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    1
    

Note

Consider the first sample. For the pair {2,5}{2,5}, the situation looks as
follows, with the Arrayland markers at |2|=2|2|=2 and |5|=5|5|=5, while the
Vectorland markers are located at |2−5|=3|2−5|=3 and |2+5|=7|2+5|=7:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/b58a4d7c2cc32107ecfbaf7181ed783f21d751c2.png)

The legend is not true in this case, because the interval [2,3][2,3] is not
conquered by Vectorland. For the pair {5,−3}{5,−3} the situation looks as
follows, with Arrayland consisting of the interval [3,5][3,5] and Vectorland
consisting of the interval [2,8][2,8]:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/f7988e7601241c67710cb88d6141914b40505f8e.png)

As Vectorland completely contains Arrayland, the legend is true. It can also
be shown that the legend is true for the pair {2,−3}{2,−3}, for a total of two
pairs.

In the second sample, the only pair is {3,6}{3,6}, and the situation looks as
follows:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/953449cc2ca4c7080df35397935226dd9842ff33.png)

Note that even though Arrayland and Vectorland share 33 as endpoint, we still
consider Arrayland to be completely inside of Vectorland.

The problem statement has recently been changed. View the changes.

×

D. Cute Sequences

time limit per test

1 second

memory limit per test

256 megabytes

input

standard input

output

standard output

Given a positive integer mm, we say that a sequence x1,x2,…,xnx1,x2,…,xn of
positive integers is mm-cute if for every index ii such that 2≤i≤n2≤i≤n it
holds that xi=xi−1+xi−2+⋯+x1+rixi=xi−1+xi−2+⋯+x1+ri for some positive integer
riri satisfying 1≤ri≤m1≤ri≤m.

You will be given qq queries consisting of three positive integers aa, bb and
mm. For each query you must determine whether or not there exists an mm-cute
sequence whose first term is aa and whose last term is bb. If such a sequence
exists, you must additionally find an example of it.

Input

The first line contains an integer number qq (1≤q≤1031≤q≤103) — the number of
queries.

Each of the following qq lines contains three integers aa, bb, and mm
(1≤a,b,m≤10141≤a,b,m≤1014, a≤ba≤b), describing a single query.

Output

For each query, if no mm-cute sequence whose first term is aa and whose last
term is bb exists, print −1−1.

Otherwise print an integer kk (1≤k≤501≤k≤50), followed by kk integers
x1,x2,…,xkx1,x2,…,xk (1≤xi≤10141≤xi≤1014). These integers must satisfy
x1=ax1=a, xk=bxk=b, and that the sequence x1,x2,…,xkx1,x2,…,xk is mm-cute.

It can be shown that under the problem constraints, for each query either no
mm-cute sequence exists, or there exists one with at most 5050 terms.

If there are multiple possible sequences, you may print any of them.

Example

Input

Copy

    
    
    2
    5 26 2
    3 9 1
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    4 5 6 13 26
    -1
    

Note

Consider the sample. In the first query, the sequence 5,6,13,265,6,13,26 is
valid since 6=5+16=5+1, 13=6+5+213=6+5+2 and 26=13+6+5+226=13+6+5+2 have the
bold values all between 11 and 22, so the sequence is 22-cute. Other valid
sequences, such as 5,7,13,265,7,13,26 are also accepted.

In the second query, the only possible 11-cute sequence starting at 33 is
3,4,8,16,…3,4,8,16,…, which does not contain 99.

The problem statement has recently been changed. View the changes.

×

E. The LCMs Must be Large

time limit per test

1 second

memory limit per test

256 megabytes

input

standard input

output

standard output

Dora the explorer has decided to use her money after several years of juicy
royalties to go shopping. What better place to shop than Nlogonia?

There are nn stores numbered from 11 to nn in Nlogonia. The ii-th of these
stores offers a positive integer aiai.

Each day among the last mm days Dora bought a single integer from some of the
stores. The same day, Swiper the fox bought a single integer from all the
stores that Dora did not buy an integer from on that day.

Dora considers Swiper to be her rival, and she considers that she beat Swiper
on day ii if and only if the least common multiple of the numbers she bought
on day ii is strictly greater than the least common multiple of the numbers
that Swiper bought on day ii.

The least common multiple (LCM) of a collection of integers is the smallest
positive integer that is divisible by all the integers in the collection.

However, Dora forgot the values of aiai. Help Dora find out if there are
positive integer values of aiai such that she beat Swiper on every day. You
don't need to find what are the possible values of aiai though.

Note that it is possible for some values of aiai to coincide in a solution.

Input

The first line contains integers mm and nn (1≤m≤501≤m≤50, 1≤n≤1041≤n≤104) —
the number of days and the number of stores.

After this mm lines follow, the ii-th line starts with an integer sisi
(1≤si≤n−11≤si≤n−1), the number of integers Dora bought on day ii, followed by
sisi distinct integers, the indices of the stores where Dora bought an integer
on the ii-th day. The indices are between 11 and nn.

Output

Output must consist of a single line containing "possible" if there exist
positive integers aiai such that for each day the least common multiple of the
integers bought by Dora is strictly greater than the least common multiple of
the integers bought by Swiper on that day. Otherwise, print "impossible".

Note that you don't have to restore the integers themselves.

Examples

Input

Copy

    
    
    2 5
    3 1 2 3
    3 3 4 5
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    possible
    

Input

Copy

    
    
    10 10
    1 1
    1 2
    1 3
    1 4
    1 5
    1 6
    1 7
    1 8
    1 9
    1 10
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    impossible
    

Note

In the first sample, a possible choice for the values of the aiai is
3,4,3,5,23,4,3,5,2. On the first day, Dora buys the integers 3,43,4 and 33,
whose LCM is 1212, while Swiper buys integers 55 and 22, whose LCM is 1010. On
the second day, Dora buys 3,53,5 and 22, whose LCM is 3030, and Swiper buys
integers 33 and 44, whose LCM is 1212.

The problem statement has recently been changed. View the changes.

×

F. Vicky's Delivery Service

time limit per test

4 seconds

memory limit per test

256 megabytes

input

standard input

output

standard output

In a magical land there are nn cities conveniently numbered 1,2,…,n1,2,…,n.
Some pairs of these cities are connected by magical colored roads. Magic is
unstable, so at any time, new roads may appear between two cities.

Vicky the witch has been tasked with performing deliveries between some pairs
of cities. However, Vicky is a beginner, so she can only complete a delivery
if she can move from her starting city to her destination city through a
double rainbow. A double rainbow is a sequence of cities c1,c2,…,ckc1,c2,…,ck
satisfying the following properties:

  * For each ii with 1≤i≤k−11≤i≤k−1, the cities cici and ci+1ci+1 are connected by a road. 
  * For each ii with 1≤i≤k−121≤i≤k−12, the roads connecting c2ic2i with c2i−1c2i−1 and c2i+1c2i+1 have the same color. 

For example if k=5k=5, the road between c1c1 and c2c2 must be the same color
as the road between c2c2 and c3c3, and the road between c3c3 and c4c4 must be
the same color as the road between c4c4 and c5c5.

Vicky has a list of events in chronological order, where each event is either
a delivery she must perform, or appearance of a new road. Help her determine
which of her deliveries she will be able to complete.

Input

The first line contains four integers nn, mm, cc, and qq (2≤n≤1052≤n≤105,
1≤m,c,q≤1051≤m,c,q≤105), denoting respectively the number of cities, the
number of roads initially present, the number of different colors the roads
can take, and the number of events.

Each of the following mm lines contains three integers xx, yy, and zz
(1≤x,y≤n1≤x,y≤n, 1≤z≤c1≤z≤c), describing that there initially exists a
bidirectional road with color zz between cities xx and yy.

Then qq lines follow, describing the events. Each event is one of the
following two types:

  1. \+ x y z (1≤x,y≤n1≤x,y≤n, 1≤z≤c1≤z≤c), meaning a road with color zz appears between cities xx and yy; 
  2. ? x y (1≤x,y≤n1≤x,y≤n), meaning you should determine whether Vicky can make a delivery starting at city xx and ending at city yy. It is guaranteed that x≠yx≠y. 

It is guaranteed that at any moment, there is at most one road connecting any
pair of cities, and that no road connects a city to itself. It is guaranteed
that the input contains at least one event of the second type.

Output

For each event of the second type, print a single line containing "Yes"
(without quotes) if the delivery can be made, or a single line containing "No"
(without quotes) otherwise.

Example

Input

Copy

    
    
    4 3 2 4
    1 2 1
    2 3 1
    3 4 2
    ? 1 4
    ? 4 1
    + 3 1 2
    ? 4 1
    

Output

Copy

    
    
    Yes
    No
    Yes
    

Note

The following picture corresponds to the sample.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/0b7802f83c1f81f78793f89b14fe71d69f0c83ee.png)

For her first delivery, Vicky can use the sequence 1, 2, 3, 4 which is a
double rainbow. However, she cannot complete the second delivery, as she can
only reach city 33. After adding the road between cities 11 and 33, she can
now complete a delivery from city 44 to city 11 by using the double rainbow 4,
3, 1.

  

Codeforces (c) Copyright 2010-2021 Mike Mirzayanov

The only programming contests Web 2.0 platform

